hospital and covid tracker system

covid k lia coronastatus show krenge worldwide and country wise
and map representation and graph v rhega usme or data visualize bhi

or isi me covid k tarah hi hosiptal tracker rhega jisme nearby hospitals 
or uske complete details or appointment yeh sab ka v

tech me mern stack use krenge 
react and merterial ui for front end
backend k lia express and node
DB K lia mongodb
or firebase se deploy krna v 



scss holds all the features of css with some extraa features . while using scss we are not gettinh stucked 
 by variables or class namees , scss maintains these .
we can import scss files show we can follow DRY code . in scss we can used nested conditions on div conatiner or into it's component 

scss is a preprocessor which lets you use features that aren’t a part of the wider CSS standard yet, and provides better
 workflows for maintaining your stylesheets.With scss preprocessor, you can reduce the amount of times you repeat yourself and ensure you’re writing clean, maintainable code for the future.
Scss can take css code and work. scss is fully compatible with the syntax of CSS, while still 
supporting the full power of Sass.


asignment webpage->
In assignment i create a single page frontend based webpage which is based on online bakery shop .
in this webpage first i create header part. in this first i added a logo in left side than a searchBar in cented and using flexbox i created
a login or signin button , guest button and your order button 
all these  are the part of header tag with display flex and use css on it like background , border radius , color font style and size etc.
and than i created a nav bar using html tables (ul , li) and css on it at ease anchor tag and also i used hover on nav anchor button with transition time 3s ease
and than i created a heading line
than i created out products with a product title , product discription , product price  and  a button which is add yo cart.
all these components i combined together in a box using flexbox and div conatiner. and gave space between each product 
and at the last i created a feedback form using html forms  and text areas.
and i gave enough margins and border line color and radius in each components



1-> create a login and registration page for user and admin side.
2-> make sure login or registration using unique emails.

3-> redirect to the main page , if login via admin redirect to setup profile page otherwise main page
4-> if login with user than redirect with hospital page.
5-> In hospital page we have to show multiple list me hospital with area name.
6-> 



























